geo-distributed-deployment-topology: Explain dc and zone names (#5311)
pingcap/docs: geo-distributed-deployment-topology.md

# Geo-Distributed Deployment Topology

> This document takes the typical architecture of three data centers (DC) in two cities as an example, and introduces the geo-distributed deployment architecture and the key configuration. The cities uses in this example are Shanghai (refered to as `sha` in the example) and Beijing (refered to as bja and bjb in the example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document takes the typical architecture of three data centers (DC) in two cities as an example, and introduces the geo-distributed deployment architecture and the key configuration. The cities uses in this example are Shanghai (refered to as `sha` in the example) and Beijing (refered to as `bja` and `bjb` in the example).
```

> This document takes the typical architecture of three data centers (DC) in two cities as an example, and introduces the geo-distributed deployment architecture and the key configuration. The cities uses in this example are Shanghai (refered to as `sha` in the example) and Beijing (refered to as `bja` and `bjb` in the example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document takes the typical architecture of three data centers (DC) in two cities as an example, and introduces the geo-distributed deployment architecture and the key configuration. The cities used in this example are Shanghai (referred to as `sha`) and Beijing (referred to as `bja` and `bjb`).
```
